add couple of remarks regarding inline/block usage of -if- (#1770)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/components/conditional-content.md

{{/if}}
```

> An important feature of `if` statement is that it can be used only inside an
> HTML element or another block. For example following snippet won't work
> because it uses ``if`` statement **on** the HTML element:
> 
> ```handlebars {data-filename="app/components/sign-in.hbs"}
>   {{!-- Won't work --}}
>   <button {{#if @disabled}} disabled {{/if}} class="btn">Sign In</button>
> ```
> 
> Correct usage:
> 
> ```handlebars {data-filename="app/components/sign-in.hbs"}
>   {{#if @disabled}}
>     <button disabled class="btn">Sign In</button>
>   {{else}}
>     <button class="btn">Sign In</button>
>   {{/if}}
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The block form of the `if` statement is typically used to wrap
HTML elements or another block. If you want to use `if` inside of an HTML element, keep reading to learn about how to use inline `if` instead.

Here's an example of a block `if`, wrapping some HTML elements:

```handlebars {data-filename="app/components/sign-in.hbs"}
  {{#if @disabled}}
    <button disabled class="btn">Sign In</button>
  {{else}}
    <button class="btn">Sign In</button>
  {{/if}}
```
```

The reason for this suggested change is that we have found that people will copy-paste non-working examples and get confused. Let's try showing only working examples here.

{{if condition value1 value2}}
```

Similarly to block `if`, you need to pay attention where inline `if` is placed.

> Inline `if` can be used only inside attribute values

Reviewer 2: > Inline `if` can be used only inside attribute values of HTML elements.

That's not true.
Literally the example above shows valid usage that's unrelated to HTML attributes.
These are valid examples as well:

Conditional argument value:

```hbs
<Foo @foo={{if this.bar "bar" "baz"}} />
```

Applying a modifier conditionally:

```hbs
<button type="button" {{(if @onClick (modifier this.on "click" @onClick))}} />
```

{{if condition value1 value2}}
```

> Similarly to block `if`, you need to pay attention where inline `if` is placed
> otherwise ember will be confused. Inline `if` can be used only inside attributes values
> of HTML element. For example:
> 
> ```handlebars {data-filename="app/components/spinner.hbs"}
>   <span class="spinner {{if @inProgress 'visible' 'invisible'}}">
>   </span>
> ```
> 
> In example above, inline ``if`` is correctly used inside class attribute value.
> 
> On the other hand, if you intend to use inline ``if`` to add "disabled"
> attribute to the HTML element:
> 
> ```handlebars {data-filename="app/components/spinner.hbs"}
>   {{!-- Won't work (!) --}}
>   <span {{if @disabled 'disabled' }}">
>   </span>
> ```
> 
> Ember will get confused and will complain with an error. In example above
> Ember will see `if` as modifier instead and complain about incorrect usage of
> modifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly to block `if`, you need to pay attention where inline `if` is placed.
Inline `if` can be used only inside attribute values
of HTML elements. For example:

```handlebars {data-filename="app/components/spinner.hbs"}
  <span class="spinner {{if @inProgress 'visible' 'invisible'}}">
  </span>
```

In the example above, inline ``if`` is correctly used inside the `class` attribute value.
```

Let's show the correct examples only, and remove incorrect examples, to prevent copy-paste confusion.
